h1. The lein-api-doc plugin

This plugin is a simple plugin to create some documentation for your REST style API.

For some of our projects we are using a REST style API using "Clojure":http.//www.clojure.org and
"noir":http://webnoir.org. To provide an API documentation quickly this plugin reads special Clojure meta data
and creates some .textile files which can be easily used in the github projekt wiki.

h2. Build

To build the api-doc plugin you'll have to clone the git repository.

@git clone git(at)github.com:PlaymakerStudio/lein-api-doc.git@

Assuming that you have "Leiningen":https://github.com/technomancy/leiningen already installed. Simply execute

@lein install@

to install the plugin into your local plugin repository.

h2. Usage

To activate the plugin in you project simply add this to your `project.clj`:

@:dev-dependencies [[lein-api-doc "0.1.0"]]@


After installing the plugin it's ready to use.

@lein api-doc <path-to-api-doc-root-dir>@

will generate the API documentation to the specified directory root. All existing files will be replaced.


h2. License

Copyright (c) 2012 Playmaker Studio GmbH. All rights reserved.

The use and distribution terms for this software are covered by the
Eclipse Public License 1.0 (http://opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0.php)
which can be found in the file epl-v10.html at the root of this distribution.
By using this software in any fashion, you are agreeing to be bound by
the terms of this license.
You must not remove this notice, or any other, from this software.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.